Overview

Susquehanna’s trading internship provides a distinctive opportunity to learn about quantitative trading. Splitting their day between working on a trading desk and education in a classroom setting, interns receive the best preparation possible for careers in quant trading. During their time on the trading floor, interns will be fully imbedded within a trading desk, working side by side with an experienced trader who will serve as a mentor. While in education, interns will receive industry-leading training in options theory and decision science from traders fully dedicated to trader development. Students with a STEM background can leverage their quantitative skills and learn how Susquehanna uses game theory, decision science, and cutting-edge technology to make trading decisions. The goal of the program is to provide interns with a deep exposure to trading, so they can decide if it is what they want to pursue full-time.

What we're looking for

        Intention to graduate with a minimum of a bachelors degree and begin full time employment by August 2027
        Exceptional quantitative, logical reasoning, and analytical skills
        General computer skills required; computer programming skills a plus
        Demonstrated interest in strategic games and/or competitive activities
        Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and competitive environment
        Visa sponsorship is available for this position

 

What's in it for you:

        Our non-hierarchical culture allows employees of every level to thrive and make impact. We are not your typical trading firm – the environment is casual, collaborative and we focus on continuous development.
        Housing provided for duration of internship
        Relaxed dress code: jeans and sneakers are the norm, shorts all summer long
        Fully stocked kitchens for breakfast, lunch, snacks, and beverages
        A 40,000 square-foot state of the art fitness facility with brand-new equipment, multi-purpose courts, group exercise classes, and locker room spaces
        Discounts for dining, entertainment, shopping, travel, and attractions
        Social events including a poker tournament, dinners, and sporting events in Philadelphia
        On-site Wellness Center
        On-site services such as a mailroom, barber, dry cleaning, and car maintenance
        Opportunities to give back to the community through Susquehanna sponsored events and donation drives

 

Susquehanna does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or search firms. Any resume or referral submitted in the absence of a signed agreement will become the property of Susquehanna and no fee will be paid.
